[Breaking change]: Specifying DllImportSearchPath.AssemblyDirectory by itself only searches in the assembly directory (#46073)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/interop/10.0/search-assembly-directory.md

---
title: "Breaking change - Specifying DllImportSearchPath.AssemblyDirectory only searches the assembly directory"
description: "Learn about the breaking change in .NET 10 Preview 5 where specifying DllImportSearchPath.AssemblyDirectory as the only search flag restricts the search to the assembly directory."
ms.date: 5/9/2025
ai-usage: ai-assisted
ms.custom: https://github.com/dotnet/docs/issues/45911
---

# Specifying DllImportSearchPath.AssemblyDirectory only searches the assembly directory

> In .NET 10 Preview 5, specifying <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.DllImportSearchPath.AssemblyDirectory?displayProperty=nameWithType> as the only search flag now restricts the runtime to search exclusively in the assembly directory. This change affects the behavior of P/Invokes and the <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.NativeLibrary> class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in .NET 10, if you specify <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.DllImportSearchPath.AssemblyDirectory?displayProperty=nameWithType> as the only search flag, the runtime searches exclusively in the assembly directory. This change affects the behavior of P/Invokes and the <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.NativeLibrary> class.
```
